Add option to redact http headers (#26724)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/observability/visibility.rst

* For HTTP: redacting URL query (GET) parameters (``--hubble-redact-http-urlquery``)
* For Kafka: redacting API key (``--hubble-redact-kafka-apikey``)

> * For HTTP headers: redacting headers defined in ``--hubble-redact-http-headers-allow`` list or redacting all headers except of those defined in ``--hubble-redact-http-headers-deny`` list

Reviewer: I'm just noticing this now but I think this should be the other way around:
```suggestion
* For HTTP headers: redacting all headers except those defined in the ``--hubble-redact-http-headers-allow`` list or redacting only the headers defined in the ``--hubble-redact-http-headers-deny`` list
```

Author: Good catch, thanks!
